chore(docs): grammatical tweaks to migration guide (#14505)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/migrating-from-v1-to-v2.md

Looking for the v1 docs? [Find them here](https://v1.gatsbyjs.org/).

> > This document is a work in progress. Have you upgraded your site and ran into something that's not covered here? [Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/edit/master/docs/docs/migrating-from-v1-to-v2.md)!

Reviewer: I don't think _ran_ is right here? Maybe we could shorten the sentence though:

```suggestion
> This document is a work in progress. Have you run into something that's not covered here? [Add your changes on GitHub](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/edit/master/docs/docs/migrating-from-v1-to-v2.md)!
```

Author: I was a little confused with this sentence. Thank you!

/>
```

If you have created any CSS styling rules referencing the `gatsby-image-outer-wrapper` class, you should merge those styles into the `gatsby-image-wrapper` class.

## Resolving Deprecations

### Import Link from Gatsby

> All components and utility functions from `gatsby-link` are now exported from `gatsby` package. So, you should import it directly from `gatsby`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All components and utility functions from `gatsby-link` are now exported from the `gatsby` package. So, you should import it directly from `gatsby`.
```

Author: Thank you, this looks great!

### Only allow defined keys on the node internal object

> The node internal object isn't meant for adding node data. Those should be added to the top-level object. We now validate against it for v2.

Reviewer: I think this change is less clear than the previous version, as it excludes some information. What about something like this?

```suggestion
The node `internal` object isn't meant for adding node data. While Gatsby v1 allows this behaviour we now validate against it for v2. Node data should be added as fields on the top-level node object.

[Check the Node interface docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-interface/) for allowed fields.
```

Author: I like your fix a lot better. Thanks!
